---
layout: post
title:  "I live on Mars"
shorttitle: "Err... in Arizona"
date:   2017-04-24 19:30:00 -0700
category: life
---

It's been 3 months since we made the move from Seattle to Phoenix. There's numerous differences in how people act and percieve one and other here versus there. These differences range from people's general disbelief that I am both woman and developer and career woman, to views on scientifically proven political beliefs and human rights, to how _every_ time I order coffee they try to give it to me in a big gulp sized cup full of ice. Combine these with the gorgeous scenery, the much welcome vitamin d, the really cool hiking, the owning of a house, the copious amounts of science fiction regarding exploration that I've been doing and #1 most important thing: adventuring in brand new ways with my favorite human and you'll understand why I think I'm now on a different planet. 

See the thing is, everyone here is pretty much trying to simultaneously convince me living in Phoenix is the worst idea because "have you been here in the summer, it sure is HOT" and also trying to prode me into saying "Oh yeah, this place kicks Seattle's liberal ass". To the heat: I don't care. I am seriously going to scream if people keep talking about the weather here, yes you are tough and leathery and I would love to hear your stories about what your favorite Arizonan adventures are but i give absolutely zero any type of care about your information regarding the weather, I have google on like 10 gazillion devices and can ask it about weather, I cannot ask it about your unique stories. And to the other point - not that this is going to stop anyone who's asking these questions from asking them, but whatever. We did not move because we hate Seattle. 

On the contrary, Gerrit and I adore Seattle. I became an adult in Seattle, it was my formative place and I am so thankful every day for the 8 + years I got to spend in its loving, slightly rude embrace, we miss our friend-family so much. The reason why we moved is because we got comfortable and wanted to push ourselves out of the really really cool box we'd been chillin in for the last few years. 

So I guess this is why I feel like Phoenix is Mars and why on the daily I have Cut Copy's "We are Explorers" stuck in my head. It's not that one place is bad and that we need to perpetually prove that we still love it or now hate it, it's that the world (and also the universe, you guys) is massive and worth exploring, even just for the "really hot summers" and right now, it's our time to explore (and find our place) in Phoenix, just like we did in Seattle. This type of exploration is something key to being human and of the upmost importance: understanding one and other and finding bridges to other worlds. 

What I'm reading: _Stranger In a Strangeland_ , _2001: A Space Odessy_, _The Left Hand of Darkness_  

